1. There are lots of people who can call you by your name but there is only one person who can make it sound so special. 

2. Love is a two-way street constantly under construction. 

3. Love: Two minds without a single thought. 

4. You’re my reflection, all I see is you. 

5. If I lost you I would cry, oh how I love you baby.  

6. Without you I would be so lost.

7. You are the compass that guides me in life.

8. We balance each other out so perfectly.

9. You have made me the man / woman that I am today.

11. Through both the tears and the laughter, we are stronger than ever before.

12. I can’t wait to see where else our love will lead us.

13. You are even better than a knight in shining armor because you are real and I know that you were made just for me.

14. I am a better person because of you. You help me be the best person that I can be and you always encourage me to reach my full potential.

15. You are my rock, my home, and my everything.

16. I can’t wait to tell our love story to our children and our grandchildren one day.

17. You make me see the world in brighter colors when all I used to see before was dull shades of gray.

18. My life has been such a wonderful adventure since you came along.

19. Our life together is one for the history books.

20. Forget the fairy tales, I think our love story is the best one ever told.

21. Even after all this time you still make me weak in the knees.

22. I barely remember what I was doing with my life before you came along.

23. I have loved you since the moment I met you, and I will continue to love you endlessly.

24. I used to think I knew exactly what I wanted in the perfect soulmate. I was wrong, because you are even better than what I ever imagined.

25. The world can be a tough and confusing place, but I am glad that you are here with me to experience it.

26. To me, you are even more beautiful when you wake up in the morning with messy hair and no makeup than when you have spent an hour getting ready to get out. You are perfect and even more beautiful to me in your natural form.

28. I love that I get to have you all to myself.

29. Cuddling with you is one of my most favorite things to do.

30. Sometimes we can disagree, but at the same time there is something perfect about you and me.

31. I don’t care if we fight as long as we get to kiss and make up.

32. Even though there are plenty of fish in the sea, you are without a doubt the perfect fit for me.

33. If I could go back in time to choose the love of my life, I would only try to find you a little earlier so that I could get to spend even more time with you.

34. When we are together, the world feels like it is in perfect harmony.

35. I always feel like our love is as new as the first day that I fell in love with you.

37. I’d rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you.

38. I would rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.

39. You always know how to make me smile, even when I’m having the worst day. That’s how well you know me.

40. I could never fully express to you how grateful I am to have you in my life.

41. You changed my world the day I met you and I have never looked back since.

42. Our soul mate is the one who makes life come to life.

43. Everything that happens is nicer with you. 

44. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. 

45. When you are in a real relationship, you never have to pretend to be someone that you’re not.

46. When two people in a relationship really care about each other, they will find a way to make things work.

47. Love lets you find those hidden places in another person.

49. The best relationship is the kind where you complement each other perfectly, like peanut butter and jelly.

50. I think that we’re both good separately but together, we are even better.

51. With you, there is no such thing as a boring day.

52. My love for you only grows with each passing day.

53. Today, I love you more than I did yesterday and less than I will tomorrow.

54. I will love you ever more when we are old and gray.

55. If happiness is a drug, then I want to be your dealer.

56. I’d rather be penniless and with you than be a lonely millionaire. You are all the treasure I will ever really need in this life.

57. Every day is a new adventure because of you.

58. Distance doesn’t mean anything when you love someone enough.

59. No matter how much the stars, moon, and sun shine, you will always be the brightest thing in my life.

60. There is nothing you could do that could stop me from loving you.

61. Some people want lots of money and to rule the world. All I want is to have you by my side.

62. I don’t mind if I’m not your first love, but I do hope that I’m your last.

64. Sometimes I catch myself smiling because I am thinking of you.

65. Thank you for letting me be myself and for loving me for who I really am.

66. With you I never have to pretend to be someone that I’m not. I can be silly and goofy and much as I like when I am with you.

67. When you get a little jealous, at least it means that you care enough about that person.

68. Don’t settle for a relationship that won’t let you be yourself. 

69. That’s why they’re called crushes. If they were easy, they’d call them something else. 

70. Find someone who makes you a better person.

71. In the best relationship, you know about each other’s pasts and as a result love each other even more.

72. I want the kind of relationship where people look at us and say, I want what they have.

74. You know you are in a real relationship when your presence and absence both mean something to that person.

75. A good relationship doesn’t just happen overnight.

76. Sometimes the best relationships are the ones that take you buy the surprise, the ones that you least expected to happen.

77. Sometimes in a relationship, a person just wants to know that you will care enough about them to fight for them.

78. No matter how long you have been in a relationship, remember that nobody is a mind reader. Always communicate with each other.

79. Sometimes a long distance relationship can give you the chance to really miss and appreciate each other.

80. Take my hand and we can get through anything together.

81. There aren’t enough words in the dictionary that can adequately describe how happy I am to be with you.

82. The perfect relationship is one where you can be weird with one another.

83. You are my lucky charm. That is why I want you to be wherever I go.

84. Isn’t it funny how someone who used to be a stranger can become the love of your life?

85. When you are in a relationship, never go to bed angry.

86. You know you have found somebody special when they make you laugh and smile all the time.

87. A true love story never has an ending.

88. I already know the ending of our love story. It is ‘and they lived happily ever after.

89. No relationship is perfect, but a great relationship is worth the work.

90. We all deserve someone who loves us even when we are not at our best.

91. I could start fires with what I feel for you. 

92. There is nothing better than being in a relationship with the person who is also your best friend.

93. Never forget to tell her how good she looks every day. Even on the days where she isn’t wearing makeup and her hair isn’t done.

94. A real relationship is where two people who know that they are not perfect do not give up on each other.

96. The only real magic that exists for me is love.

97. I have a crush on your mind. I feel for your personality. Your looks are just a bonus. 

98. I love being the reason for your smile.

99. We were together. I forget the rest. 

100. Marry someone that you could not imagine living without.

101. The love you take is equal to the love you make. 

102. Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. 

103. In relationships, the little things are the big things. 

105. The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances. If there is any reaction, both are transformed.

106. We’re gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. 

107. I want all of you, forever, every day. 

108. You are, and always have been, my dream.

110. I don’t know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have.

111. I love you, not for now, but for always. 

112. Every couple needs to argue now and then just to prove that the relationship is strong enough to survive.

113. Romance is thinking about your significant other when you are supposed to be thinking about something else.

114. Loving someone and having them love you back is the most precious thing in the world.

115. I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day.

116. Being in love, I find myself smiling for no reason at all. 

118. I would not wish any companion in the world but you. 

119. Love doesn’t mean anything if you’re not willing to make a commitment. 

120. Love isn’t all we need – love is all there is. 

121. No matter where I went, I always knew my way back to you. 

123. You’re my favorite person of all time. 

124. Immature love says, I love you because I need you. Mature love says, I need you because I love you. 

125. It’s one thing to fall in love. It’s another to feel someone else fall in love with you and to feel a responsibility toward that love. 

126. I’ll never love you any less than I do, right this second. 

127. Kiss me and you will see how important I am. 

128. We loved with a love that was more than love. 

129. No matter what has happened. No matter what you’ve done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. 

130. You really know how to make my heart explode.

131. I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love. 

133. At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. 